1. In Nepal, productivity of singles is on average higher than those who are married / were married.
2. In Nepal, growing millet is on average more agriculturally productive than all of the other crop options. (checking chatgpt interestingly got this 
finding: "Millet is predominantly grown by subsistence farmers in areas where other crops might not perform well. Its ability to grow in marginal lands with minimal inputs makes it a staple in these regions." and "Despite its modest yields, millet is gaining attention for its nutritional benefits and role in promoting climate-resilient agriculture".
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/377531703_Status_and_Prospects_of_Millets_in_Nepal?utm_source=chatgpt.com
3. In both Nepal and Senegal, use of chemical fertilizer is on average more productive than using manure.
4. In both Nepal and Senegal, buying seedlings from shop had on average the highest productivity amongst all other seed sources.
5. In Senegal, imported vegetables had on average the highest productivity compared to local.
6. In Nepal, on average using produce for sale had highest productivity compared to household use or half and half.
7. In Nepal, on average, cover crops were by far the most productive farming practice compared to the rest which were about the same on average.
8. In Senegal, on average not using pesticide or herbicide meant higher productivity, although 75th percentile for using herbicide / pesticide was higher than not using it.
9. In Senegal, average productivity was higher for those who sold their vegetables through trade as opposed to local trader and other.
10. In Senegal, the on average top 3 productive machinery were daba, sprayer and at the top, tractor.
11. In Senegal, on average, manuring was more productive than crop rotation.
12. In Nepal, calling JTA (Junior Technical Assistant field-level extension worker) to plot to perform soil analysis was on average more productive agriculturally than other options.
13. In both Nepal and Senegal, on average, productivity was higher among those who did receive information on agriculture in the past year compared to those who did not.
14. In both Nepal and Senegal, on average, productivity was higher for those who received agricultural information from the government or agricultural cooperative
compared to other sources of info
15. In Nepal, on average, productivity was higher for those who received seeds and also those who did not receive anything from the specified organizations in question 72.
16. In Senegal, on average, productivity was higher for those who received pesticide or seeds from the specified organizations in question 78.
17. In Nepal, on average, those who decided to plow / sow based on weather website had higher productivity
18. In Nepal, on average, those who used sprinklers had highest productivity compared to other types of irrigation.
19. In Senegal, on average, those who used surface irrigation had highest productivity compared to other types of irrigation.
20. In Nepal, a gradual rise in productivity as trust in other people grew
21. In Nepal, rise in productivity if more people lived on the plot
22. In both Nepal and Senegal, negative correlation between years of formal education and agriculture (of the person being interviewed and spouse)
23. In Nepal and Senegal, positive correlation between loan amount and productivity.
24. In Nepal, slight rise and then plateu of productivity for higher self-control
25. In Nepal, slight rise, then descent, and then rise again of productivity for higher hope total
26. In Senegal, strong descent, and then rise in productivity for higher hope total
27. In Nepal, slight rise, then plateu, then strong rise in productivity for higher positive total
28. In Nepal, slight rise, then plateu, then strong descent, then slow descent in productivity for higher negative total
29. In Nepal, very strong rise in productivity for more farming practices adopted
30. In Nepal, those who felt more hostile and jittery in the past week had notable negative correlation with productivity, while those who felt
excited, alert, and determined had positive correlation



